README.md, before:

## 👋 Hi I'm Paul Numbers 

I'm a self taught software engineer with a background in structural engineering. I love creating new and useful software and solving unique problems.

I'm currently looking for a job in software engineering.

### 📫 Reach me at: pnumbers210@gmail.com

<!-- 
<div style="text-align:center">
    <img align="center" src="assests/crane_building_computer_2.png" />
</div> -->
---

<br>

## 🛠 Skills
<span>
    <img height="25" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=yellow"/>
    <img height="25" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black"/>
    <img height="25" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-darkgreen?logo=mongodb&logoColor"/>
    <img height="25" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor"/>
</span>

---

<br>

### 🔭 I’m currently working on:
- A python GUI tool for parsing and displaying RAM Structural Systems drift output for quick iteration of a building's lateral design. 
https://github.com/pnumbers/ram-drift-parser

- A python tool for parsing RAM Structural Systems concrete column output to import into Revit

### 🌱 I’m currently learning: 
- C/C++
- React

### ⚡ Fun fact:
- I've bicycled across the entire United States while building houses with Habitat for Humanity
<!-- - 😄 Pronouns: ... -->
<!-- - 💬 Ask me about ... -->
<!-- - 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ... -->
<!-- - 🤔 I’m looking for help with ... -->

Commit message:

Fixed conflict with drift parser bullet

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hi I'm Paul Numbers 

I'm a self taught software engineer with a background in structural engineering. I love creating new and useful software and solving unique problems.

I'm currently looking for a job in software engineering.

### 📫 Reach me at: pnumbers210@gmail.com

<!-- 
<div style="text-align:center">
    <img align="center" src="assests/crane_building_computer_2.png" />
</div> -->
---

<br>

## 🛠 Skills
<span>
    <img height="25" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=yellow"/>
    <img height="25" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black"/>
    <img height="25" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-darkgreen?logo=mongodb&logoColor"/>
    <img height="25" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor"/>
</span>

---

<br>

### 🔭 I’m currently working on:
- A python GUI tool for parsing and displaying RAM Structural Systems drift output for quick iteration of a building's lateral design. Check it out here:  [github.com/pnumbers/ram-drift-parser](https://github.com/pnumbers/ram-drift-parser)

- A python tool for parsing RAM Structural Systems concrete column output to import into Revit

### 🌱 I’m currently learning: 
- C/C++
- React

### ⚡ Fun fact:
- I've bicycled across the entire United States while building houses with Habitat for Humanity
<!-- - 😄 Pronouns: ... -->
<!-- - 💬 Ask me about ... -->
<!-- - 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ... -->
<!-- - 🤔 I’m looking for help with ... -->
